Razor and the Wolves		
crosswinds	n.	横风
disdain	n.	蔑视
improvised	adj.	即兴的
Search and Rescue	n.	搜救
spotter	n.	观测员
unconscious	adj.	无意识的
barreling	v.	横冲直撞
glacier	n.	冰川
GPS	n.	全球定位系统
gully	n.	沟壑
igniter	n.	点火器
menacing	adj.	来势汹汹的
		
Test Anxiety		
amygdala	n.	杏仁核
anxiety	n.	焦虑
fight-or-flight	adj.	战斗或逃跑
metacognition	n.	元认知
motivator	n.	动机
stress	n.	压力
endangered	v.	濒危
fatigue	n.	疲劳
hormones	n.	荷尔蒙
jitters	n.	不安
overwhelming	adj.	不堪重负的
pressure	n.	压力
		
The Tuskegee Airmen		
civil rights	n.	公民权利
discrimination	n.	歧视
experiment	n.	实验
fighter	n.	战斗机
segregated	adj.	种族隔离
World War Ⅱ	n.	第二次世界大战
combat	adj.	战斗
equality	n.	平等
escort	v.	护航
formation	n.	编队
mission	n.	任务
squadron	n.	中队
Clara Barton		
authorized	v.	授权
battlefield	n.	战场
field hospitals	n.	野战医院
founded	v.	成立
tend	v.	倾向
volunteers	n.	志愿者
careers	n.	职业生涯
Civil War	n.	内战
devastation	n.	破坏
disasster	n.	破坏者
electrified	v.	通电
humanitarian	adj.	人道主义的
purposeful	adj.	有目的的
survivors	n.	幸存者
traumatic	adj.	创伤的
		
Why We Sleep		
anabolic activity	n.	合成代谢活动
brain waves	n.	脑电波
catabolic activity	n.	分解代谢活动
function	v.	功能
restores	v.	恢复
schedule	n.	时间表
immune system	n.	免疫系统
molecules	n.	分子
monitor	v.	监测
sleep-deprived	adj.	睡眠不足的
solidifying	v.	凝固
temporary	adj.	临时的
		
Forests on Fire		
adapted	adj.	适应的
cycled	v.	循环
devastation	n.	破坏
ecosystem	n.	生态系统
stewardship	n.	管理
wildfire	n.	野火
acres	n.	英亩
climate change	n.	气候变化
debris	n.	碎片
embers	n.	余烬
invasive	adj.	入侵的
reproduce	v.	繁殖
Mexico's Fight for Independence		
civilization	n.	文明
compromise	n.	妥协
fiesta	n.	嘉年华
independence	n.	独立
republic	n.	共和国
revolution	n.	革命
anthem	n.	国歌
Creoles	n.	克里奥尔人
dethrone	v.	废黜
immigrants	n.	移民
Native	adj.	原住民的
time immemorial	n.	自古以来
		
How Advertising Works		
advertisements	n.	广告
analyze	v.	分析
appeals	n.	呼吁
discontent	n.	不满
media	n.	媒体
products	n.	产品
banned	v.	禁用
brands	n.	品牌
commercials	n.	广告
logic	n.	逻辑
loyal	adj.	忠诚的
methods	n.	方法
		
Animal Communication		
complex	adj.	复杂的
glands	n.	腺体
infrasonic	adj.	次声波的
organ	n.	器官
structure	n.	结构
vocal	adj.	发声的
bioluminescence	n.	生物发光
dominance	n.	优势
navigate	v.	导航
phonic lips	n.	发音唇
vertebrates	n.	脊椎动物
vibrates	v.	振动
Bullying Hurts Everyone		
aggressive	adj.	好斗的
cruel	adj.	残忍的
prevention	n.	预防
threats	n.	威胁
violence	n.	暴力
witnessing	v.	目睹
behavior	n.	行为
ringleader	n.	头目
self-esteem	n.	自尊
statistics	n.	统计
strategies	n.	策略
teasing	n.	戏弄
		
Frederick Douglass		
abolition	n.	废除
autobiographies	n.	自传
civil rights	n.	民权
enslaved	v.	被奴役者
fugitive	n.	逃亡者
literacy	n.	扫盲
amendment	n.	修正案
editorials	n.	社论
eloquence	n.	口才
incompatible	n.	不相容
inspire	v.	启发
principles	n.	原则
		
Life Spans		
adapted	v.	适应
aging	n.	老龄化
environment	n.	环境
factors	n.	因素
mature	v.	成熟
organisms	n.	生物
century	n.	世纪
decades	n.	几十年
evolved	v.	进化
immortal	adj.	不朽
postpone	v.	推迟
predators	n.	捕食者
The U.S. Government At Work		
advisors	n.	顾问
agencies	n.	机构
approved	v.	批准
executive	adj.	执行的
experts	n.	专家
federal	adj.	联邦的
function	v.	职能
regulates	v.	监管
representatives	n.	代表
security	n.	安全
Senate	n.	参议院
unify	v.	统一
		
The Birds Nest		
Arabic	n.	阿拉伯语
baklava	n.	巴克拉瓦（一种甜点）
dialect	n.	方言
pistachios	n.	开心果
refugee	n.	难民
Syria	n.	叙利亚
habibti	n.	habibti（亲爱的、宝贝的，阿拉伯语用语）
homeland	n.	故乡
phyllo	n.	菲洛酥皮
socialize	v.	社交
tentatively	adv.	暂时地
tradition	n.	传统
enough	adj.	足够的
explain	v.	解释
mention	v.	提到
repeat	v.	重复
return	v.	返回
whenever	conj.	每当
		
Attila and the Fall of the Roman Empire		
allies	n.	盟友
dowry	n.	嫁妆
empire	n.	帝国
rampaged	v.	狂暴行径
refugees	n.	难民
siege	n.	围攻
conguered	v.	征服
diplomacy	n.	外交
Germanic	adj.	日耳曼
humanity	n.	人类
moderation	n.	适度
sacked	v.	劫掠
		
Supply and Demand		
demand	n.	需求
fluctuate	v.	波动
intertwined	adj.	纠结在一起的
merchandise	n.	商品
product	n.	产品
supply	n.	供应
endorsed	v.	认可
fixed	adj.	固定的
hypothetical	adj.	假设的
perspective	n.	透视
surplus	n.	剩余
virtual	adj.	虚拟
complex	adj.	复杂
consider	v.	考虑
factor	n.	因素
impact	n.	影响
purchase	v.	购买
valuable	adj.	有价值的
		
Alternative Fuel Cars		
alterative fuels	n.	替代燃料
ethanol	n.	乙醇
fuel cells	n.	燃料电池
hydrogen	n.	氢气
renewable resource	n.	可再生资源
solar cells	n.	太阳能电池
atom	n.	原子
biomass	n.	生物质
bond	n.	债券
fermentation	n.	发酵
gaseous	adj.	气体的
pollutants	n.	污染物
radiant	adj.	辐射的
		
The Great Wall of China		
convicts	n.	囚犯
culture	n.	文化
feat	n.	壮举
harmonious	adj.	和谐的
kilns	n.	窑
nomadic	adj.	游牧的
parallel	adj.	平行的
raiding	n.	劫掠
restoration	n.	恢复
steppes	n.	大草原
winds	v.	风
uniform	adj.	制服的
		
Giant Insects		
adapted 	v.	适应
colonies	n.	殖民地
mandibles	n.	大颚
safari	n.	狩猎旅行
species	n.	物种
titans	n.	巨人
canopy	n.	树冠
evolved	v.	演变
fossil	n.	化石
nocturnal	adj.	夜间的
swarm	v.	蜂群
wingspan	n.	翼展
		
Natural Wonders of the World		
cinder cones	n.	熔岩锥
erosion	n.	侵蚀
geologists	n.	地质学家
landforms	n.	地貌
polyps	n.	珊瑚体
terrain	n.	地形
breeding	adj.	繁殖的
downstream	adv.	下游
fissure	n.	裂缝
mountaineers	n.	登山者
plateau	n.	高原
plunge pool	n.	深潭
Sherpa	n.	夏尔巴（喜马拉雅地区的一支藏族）
species	n.	物种
water vapor	n.	水蒸气
cause	v.	引起
condition	n.	条件
period	n.	时期
process	n.	过程
structure	n.	结构
unique	adj.	独特的
		
The Last Great Race		
checkpoints	n.	检查站
indigenous	n.	土著的
insulate	v.	隔热
mandatory	adj.	强制性
mushers	n.	驾驶狗雪橇的人
serum	n.	血清
ceremonial	adj.	仪式的
exhaustion	n.	精疲力尽
frostbite	n.	冻伤
grueling	adj.	艰苦的
incentive	n.	激励
tundra	n.	苔原
		
Eclipses		
accuracy	n.	准确性
coincidence	n.	巧合
obscured	adj.	被遮蔽的
orbited	v.	轨道
partial	adj.	部分的
predict	v.	预测
astronomers	n.	天文学家
cosmic	adj.	宇宙的
eclipses	n.	日食
light filters 	n.	光过滤器
omens	n.	预兆
theory	n.	理论
		
Hoover Dam		
bedrock	n.	基岩
compresses	v.	压缩
converts	v.	转变
divert	v.	转移
facilities	n.	设施
fluctuating	adj.	波动的
impressed	adj.	印象深刻的
irrigate	v.	灌溉
parched	adj.	干燥的
reservoir	n.	水库
silt	n.	淤泥
transformed	v.	改造
		
Everest On Top of the World		
acclimate	v.	适应气候
crevasses	n.	冰隙
edema	n.	水肿
inhospitable	adj.	荒凉的
strenuous	adj.	艰苦的
summit	n.	峰顶
amputated	v.	截肢
dehydration	n.	脱水
fault	n.	断层
hallucinations	n.	幻觉
nausea	n.	恶心
porters	n.	搬运工
		
The Tuskegee Airmen		
civil rights	n.	公民权利
discrimination	n.	歧视
experiment	n.	实验
fighter	n.	战斗机
segregated	adj.	隔离的
World War II	n.	第二次世界大战
combat	adj.	战斗
equality	n.	平等
escort	v.	护航
formation	n.	编队
mission	n.	任务
squadron	n.	中队

